.TH ESCHALOT 1 "2016-12-22"
.SH NAME
eschalot \- command\-line tool for generating tor hidden service (.onion)
addresses matching a specific pattern

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBeschalot\fP [flags] -p prefix
.br
\fBeschalot\fP [flags] -f wordlist
.br
\fBeschalot\fP [flags] -r regular_expression

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBeschalot\fP is a command\-line tool for generating tor .onion addresses
matching a specific pattern. It supports matching a single prefix and
wordlist-based matching.

Keys are output on STDOUT and all other output is on STDERR.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fI\-c\fP
Continue searching for keys after the first one is found
.TP
\fI\-n\fP
Limit search to numeric prefixes
.TP
\fI\-v\fP
Verbose output
.TP
\fI\-t\fP
Specify number of search threads to spawn. Default is 1; maximum is 100
.TP
\fI\-l\fP
Length of prefix to search for \- useful with \fI-f\fP
.TP
\fI\-f\fP
Specify a file containing a list of prefixes to search for
.TP
\fI\-p\fP
Prefix to search for
.TP
\fI\-r\fP
Regular expression to search for

.SH EXAMPLE
The following shell session demonstrates a search for a 5-character prefix
with keys saved to the file example.txt.

.nf
$ eschalot -t 8 -cvp hello > example.txt
Verbose, continuous, no digits, 8 threads, prefixes 5-5 characters long.
Thread #1 started.
Thread #2 started.
Thread #3 started.
Thread #4 started.
Thread #5 started.
Thread #6 started.
Thread #7 started.
Thread #8 started.
Running, collecting performance data...
Found a key for hello (5) \- helloelo4ps3dff5.onion
Found a key for hello (5) \- helloppnnovwwrmz.onion
Found a key for hello (5) \- hellopppvc4nmylb.onion
Found a key for hello (5) \- hello4idl2ccfcow.onion
Found a key for hello (5) \- hellonioy4cd2thv.onion
Found a key for hello (5) \- helloapgkjrpkgub.onion
Found a key for hello (5) \- helloxsjnfv3r546.onion
Found a key for hello (5) \- helloyvcih5eed4f.onion
Found a key for hello (5) \- hellorh3m4prk6ls.onion
Found a key for hello (5) \- helloal372ockyhp.onion
Total hashes: 221646724, running time: 10 seconds, hashes per second: 22164672
Found a key for hello (5) \- hello4fu5c5szci6.onion
^C
.fi

A number of keys were found and saved with their corresponding .onion
addresses to example.txt.
